[name]
MoreFortifications
[version]
1.3
[rifeversion]
1.4
[author]
Derf, Blazenclaw
[shortdesc]
Adds spawning to several unique features; capture them to stop it!
;[dependency]
[desc]
Tower of Eyes, Well of Souls, Pit of Abaddon, and Grave of Asmoday can be fortified in order to halt their spawning of barbarian units. Beware though, that these features will (likely) start with barbarian fort commanders of their own!

More Fortifications 1.3 - April 3 '25
- Name change to make more easily compatible with Magister Ashes
- Moved Rinwell fix to core
- Added spawning, fortifiability, defense modifiers to ToE, WoS (& PoA, GoA)

Fortifications 1.2 - 28 June '18
Update for Ashes of Erebus svn r-321

Fortifications 1.1 - 23 Mar '14
Minor fix: Choosing 'All Unique Features' in a Custom Game would generate both Tower of Eyes and it's upgraded form. Now only the basic one should appear.

Fortifications 1.0 - 22 Mar '14
Merged 'Claimable Tower of Eyes' with 'Fort Fixes'
Updated to work with Ashes of Erebus
Removed compatibility lines for GIR's modules as they have not been updated

Fort Fixes 0.10 - 9 Mar '11
Commander II promotions weren't being applied for the upgraded Tower of Eyes in the Claimable ToE module.
Also, the Rinwell Isle specific Water Walking was only applied for one of the three different Rinwell Isles.
This module fixes both, but requires the Claimable Tower of Eyes module.

Claimable Tower of Eyes 0.12 - 07 Mar '11
Workaround for the non-working tags found. Wait 30 turns after claiming the Tower of Eyes, and it will become the Tower of Eyes, with the additional culture and culture control radious.
Added known-issues.txt - while the issue(s) in there have not yet been confirmed, they outline potential pitfalls one may encounter.
NOT tested savegame compatibile. Due to XML changes, it's highly possible that it is incompatibile. Keep the 0.10/11 version around just in case it breaks your savegame.
Compatibility tags for GIR's Elohim Unique Events have been removed temporarily.

Claimable Tower of Eyes 0.11 - 26 Feb '11
Cleaned up several files a bit, changed a few filenames for clarity.
Tags are present for it to claim a BFC (Second city culture level) of tiles.
However, as the tags for it aren't modular yet, you won't see it until they become modular.

Claimable Tower of Eyes 0.10 - 24 Feb '11
Idea created. Make the Tower of Eyes a claimable Fort!
Tested compatible with the Elohim Unique Feature Events module by GIR.
[compatible]
MODULE_MAGISTER_ASHES